#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   kombu
ape-pie==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
babel==2.14.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
black==24.3.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
boltons==23.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   fonttools
build==1.1.1
    # via pip-tools
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via bumpversion
bumpversion==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
celery==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
coverage==4.5.4
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
django==3.2.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   django-auth-adfs-db
    #   django-axes
    #   django-capture-on-commit-callbacks
    #   django-choices
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-extra-views
    #   django-filter
    #   django-fsm-admin
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-jenkins
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-sniplates
    #   django-solo
    #   django-timeline-logger
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-timeline-logger
django-auth-adfs==1.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-auth-adfs-db
django-auth-adfs-db==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-axes==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-better-admin-arrayfield==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-capture-on-commit-callbacks==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-choices==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-compat==1.0.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-hijack-admin
django-debug-toolbar==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extra-views==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-filter==23.5
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-fsm==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-fsm-admin
django-fsm-admin==1.2.5
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-hijack==3.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-hijack-admin
django-hijack-admin==2.1.10
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-jenkins==0.110.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-jsonform==2.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-privates==2.0.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rosetta==0.9.9
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-sendfile2==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-privates
django-simple-certmanager==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-sniplates==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-solo==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-auth-adfs-db
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   zgw-consumers
django-timeline-logger==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-webtest==1.9.11
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
ecs-logging==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.21.4.post8347027212
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
face==20.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
flake8==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
flower==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
fonttools[woff]==4.50.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
freezegun==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
furl==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ape-pie
gemma-zds-client==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
glom==23.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
humanize==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via sphinx
josepy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
kombu==5.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
lxml==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mozilla-django-oidc==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   furl
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via black
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-rosetta
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pydyf==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   gemma-zds-client
pyopenssl==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   josepy
pyphen==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyquery==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   flower
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   gemma-zds-client
redis==5.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-redis
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   django-rosetta
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   requests-mock
    #   sphinx
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
sentry-sdk==1.43.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-compat
    #   furl
    #   html5lib
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinx-tabs==3.4.5
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.8
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.10
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tblib==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.24
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==61.2
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wheel==0.43.0
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
xlsxwriter==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
zgw-consumers==0.31.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
zopfli==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   fonttools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
